and we just want to have little fun and
we want to be happy happy happy happy so
let's let them do that tonight now the
red one last thing well--that's think I
gotta make sure that the Christmas tree
and its Falls and everything else is all
nice we got to make sure that tonight
when you go into the paint pistol
let's do 40 at a time go in there and
see everything that you see or buy
everything you want to buy and then
hurry up get out so that somebody else
can come in okay the one thing that I
want to happen tonight and I know every
single person that's here wants to
happen as well we want tonight to be a
really cool deal because what I'm trying
to get done is is I think next year I
think we already have like a big old
festival and make this into a really big
deal I just made that up
all right ladies and gentlemen I think
she's coming around a corner the little
old gal that created everybody look
around over there see that sign it says
the Pete piston the little old gal don't
have anything to do with being the
entertainer in the greatest country
music singer that's a female and her
husband knows whatever he does and all
that stuff
she is a resident clearly see it's a
circus and it's chaos out here for Tony
House has had to make up some time
because we couldn't find our tensions we
couldn't find our power to our tree our
beautiful leaning tree this is not
Blake's trailer by the way it is my John
Deere trailer cuz I can drive a tractor
too and I will paint my John Deere
trailer pink if I want to anyway I can't
believe it this is the first time I've
got to see the street it looks beautiful
thank you so much for coming out here
I'm sorry
I just want to say that it was a crazy
idea
the pink pistol actually with blacks
idea for me to have a hobby since he's
in the woods pretty much 24/7 or more
home and it actually the name came from
my colt 45 it's and mi also my Ladysmith
that's a 38 actually has a pink handle
so I named it after my real gun so
there's the paint pistol and I want to
tell you that I'm so proud to live here
I'm a Texan but I moved here when I when
I married my husband and this is the
epitome Tishomingo is the epitome of
small-town America and we are so proud
to be residents and when we're here
we're just normal people we just hang
out and we go to the grocery store and
everybody treats us like we're just one
of everybody else and that's what makes
us so proud and so getting to build a
business here and getting to live my
dream of just being a business owner and
scooping out Sundays this last week has
just been so awesome and made me feel so
special and normal and in January I have
to go back on tour and be in reality
again but but thank you so much for
helping my dream come true don't paint
Friday and I want you to know that a lot
of the proceeds tonight are gonna that
we earned in the store and we're gonna
auction off a guitar that I signed and
it's all gonna go to Susan G Komen
Foundation to support risking somewhere
and
I open this door and started painting
some pink with glitter and I've never
thought there would be all this many
people that wanted to come and see it
thank you so much say thank you to all
the tissue in your businesses and all of
the the City Council and everybody for
having my back home paint Friday I mean
seeing all these businessmen and and all
these windows full of pink I really
appreciated and it's all for a good
cause and we're gonna try to make this
an annual thing so you'll have to come
back anyway we're gonna get started with
our pink paint girl and I've met the
girls and took a picture with them and
they look amazing
so please enjoy the festivities I helped
design that blimp back there so you
should look at it it's pretty cool
anyway oh and this is the first annual
you guys so I thought we would make it a
tradition thank you to the high school
band and choir that cheerleaders and
Santa and everybody that had a hand in
it but we're gonna do the first annual
lighting of the painting Christmas tree
all right here we go
I'm dreaming of a big Christmas thank
you so much all a great meet Friday
party we got karaoke after the pageant
and come visit the store we left 50
people in at a time and we'll see you in
there thank you so much guys ladies and
gentlemen Miranda Lambert the owner of
the pink